Jeffery Stannos walked down the stairs of his beach house and was greeted with the beautiful Atlantic ocean. He had only lived here a short while so he was still getting accustomed to the beauty of his surroundings. As he looked down, he saw the glimmering sand as the sun shone down on it and the ripples of the water as the slight breeze came through. Jeffery was a handsome man with perfect complexion and an above-average build. He was tall and dressed very casually for how important of a person he was. The beach house was purchased with money he acquired from his latest software deal where he sold a file compression program from millions. Now he spends his time working on better and faster programs to hopefully beat his currently unbeatable compression rates. However, none of that matters to Jeffery right now, as he is on vacation on California ready to do anything other than program for the next month.

He suddenly found an ice cream shop nearby. He bought one of mango, which is his favourite flavor.

As he was walking down the block, enjoying his mango ice cream, he came upon a shark stranded on the beach.  The shark was still alive and clearly needed help, so Jeff went up to talk to him.  "What's up?" said the shark.

"Nothing much, just checking up to see how's everything going", responded Jeffery. Thinking the shark was shy of asking for help, Jeffery still helped the shark go into the water. Upon entering the water, the shark transformed into a higher being of the fifth dimension. Turns out it was a big test to see how Jeffery would respond. Upon passing te test, the higher being blessed Jeffery for showing unconditional support and caring attitude.

Jeffery had become omniscient. Thanks to the shark, Jeffery could now go about his life without care anymore. Since he is now all knowing, he could run his company with ease. This power bestowed upon him by the shark, has given him exactly what he wanted. Even though he loves coding and running his company, he loves his vacations even more, and now he can be on vacation for the rest of his life. So Jeffery, thanked the shark and walked back up the steps to his mansion. He gazed back at the ocean, breathed in, and walked back into his house knowing his life would never be the same.
